=== BRIGHT DATA — LIVE MEDICAL REFERENCE ===
Condition: Chest Pain — Differential Diagnosis
Source: https://medlineplus.gov/chestpain.html

Chest Pain | MedlinePlus Skip navigation An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use. gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. National Library of Medicine Menu Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Genetics Medical Tests Medical Encyclopedia About MedlinePlus Search Search MedlinePlus GO About MedlinePlus What's New Site Map Customer Support Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Genetics Medical Tests Medical Encyclopedia Español You Are Here: Home &rarr; Health Topics &rarr; Chest Pain URL of this page: https://medlineplus. html Chest Pain On this page Basics Summary Start Here Diagnosis and Tests Treatments and Therapies Learn More Specifics See, Play and Learn No links available Research Clinical Trials Journal Articles Resources Find an Expert For You Children Teenagers Patient Handouts Summary Having a pain in your chest can be scary. It does not always mean that you are having a heart attack. There can be many other causes, including: Other heart problems, such as angina Panic attacks Digestive problems, such as heartburn or esophagus disorders Sore muscles Lung diseases, such as pneumonia , pleurisy , or pulmonary embolism Costochondritis - an inflammation of joints in your chest Some of these problems can be serious. Get immediate medical care if you have chest pain that does not go away, crushing pain or pressure in the chest, or chest pain along with nausea, sweating, dizziness or shortness of breath. Treatment depends on the cause of the pain. Start Here Chest Pain (Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research) Also in Spanish Diagnosis and Tests Heartburn or Heart Attack: When to Worry (Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research) Also in Spanish Stress Tests (National Library of Medicine) Also in Spanish Treatments and Therapies Chest Pain: First Aid (Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research) Also in Spanish Specifics Costochondritis (Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research) Heart Inflammation (National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute) Also in Spanish Non-Cardiac Chest Pain (American College of Gastroenterology) What Is Angina? (National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute) Also in Spanish Clinical Trials ClinicalTrials. gov: Chest Pain (National Institutes of Health) Journal Articles References and abstracts from MEDLINE/PubMed (National Library of Medicine) Article: Retrospective analysis of the performance of the PROMISE minimal risk tool. Article: Short-Term Outcomes and Sex-Based Analysis Following Chest Pain Presentations to Emergency. Article: Computerized Self-Reported Medical History Taking to Support Early Rule Out of. Chest Pain -- see more articles Find an Expert Pain Consortium (National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke) Children Chest Pain in Infants and Children (American Academy of Family Physicians) Chest Pain in Kids and Teens (Nemours Foundation) - In English and Spanish Also in Spanish Costochondritis (For Parents) (Nemours Foundation) Also in Spanish Teenagers Chest Pain in Kids and Teens (Nemours Foundation) - In English and Spanish Also in Spanish Patient Handouts Chest pain (Medical Encyclopedia) Also in Spanish Topic Image MEDICAL ENCYCLOPEDIA Chest pain Costochondritis CPK isoenzymes test Creatine phosphokinase test Related Health Topics Angina Heartburn Other Languages Find health information in languages other than English on Chest Pain Disclaimers MedlinePlus links to health information from the National Institutes of Health and other federal government agencies. MedlinePlus also links to health information from non-government Web sites. See our disclaimer about external links and our quality guidelines. The information on this site should not be used as a substitute for professional medical care or advice. Contact a health care provider if you have questions about your health. Learn how to cite this page About MedlinePlus What's New Site Map Customer Support Subscribe to RSS Connect with NLM NLM Web Policies Copyright Accessibility Guidelines for Links Viewers & Players HHS Vulnerability Disclosure MedlinePlus Connect for EHRs For Developers National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894 U. Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health Last updated August 24, 2025